third and six here is quarterback keeper
lighters got a lot Ruth ranked site 35
40 45 midfield runs out of bounds at the
Nebraska 49 under center with the
i-formation
Widener on play-action back to pass
throws near side has this man first down
to the one in the yard line the fullback
right side to the left it's a
quarterback sneak and Lightner is close
to being in no signal yet it looked from
up here and we have a better view
frankly than the officials do on the
sidelines like he got in now Abdullah
comes just to the left there's the clap
of the hands and there's a quick
play-action pass to Westerkamp and oh he
is undercut and after the catch he might
not quite be yet back to full speed with
all this quick passing game here's
another pass right side Armstrong gets
flushed and he's sacked by Damien Wilson
Osborne brought a lot of option here
just not out of the wishbone here's
Lightner on play-action rolls left has
his man it's cut near side max Williams
3035 and he carries three guys out to
the 39 here's the snap to Lightner he
fakes the pitch no one was there turns
it up breaks a tackle it is into the
secondary
forty and thirty five and he's pushed
off late Minnesota trailing 21-7
Armstrong to pass again firing over the
middle and he's got his man at the 15
picked up by the Mary's Travis and he
will Center the football now gets to the
outside the numbers to the 30 breaks a
tackle over 35 and the Gophers have kept
Nebraska off the board and last week the
Huskers led by 14 here's a 6 on the
first play what a stand-up sack by
Damien Wilson a spot of the ball at the
center of the field on third and 14 back
to pass the Blitz comin to corner blitz
and Armstrong's in trouble down he goes
at the 9 yard line the Yaak yardage I
said here's Cobb again the handoff has a
hole up the middle and he's here for the
touchdown Minnesota Golden Gophers a 17
yard scamper untouched what a job up
front hour 2 of 7 here is Lightner
rolling left on play-action has a man
throws it deep Williams has it at the 50
on third and 5 Gophers down 10 back to
pass of the Blitz coming winder throws
underneath has his man KJ may first down
inside the 30 to the 27 yard line
roderick williams is the tailback
mr. Roderick gets outside he's in
touchdown on fourth and one it's a
touchdown from 19 yards out just a
spread outside we're ready to go here's
an option play to the right and it's a
Tommy Armstrong sax never got to the
line of scrimmage out of the pistol
Armstrong's play-action on second down
the pressure comes and he's on second
and a half a yard the--our and Cochran
under center denied formation
play-action lighting her back to pass
has all day looking throwing deep down
the right sideline for KJ Mae it's
caught by May at the 30 and out of
bounds at about the 28 yard line he
threw it up and make ought it in motion
Mae left to right Lightner rolling right
throws he has his man max Williams at
the 20
max turns it ahead and dives forward for
first down yardage in motion as Williams
Lightner is going to keep left side
buries his Hattie's in touchdown
go-ahead score Golden Gophers for
receiver set for the Huskers 2 on each
side back to passes Armstrong looks has
time now he's flushed from the pocket
rolling right girls one deep and it is
why do you tell who it has it a flag
comes out and let's see what the flag is
Bo Pelini has thrown in the towel and
the University of Minnesota Golden
Gophers have it all on the line next
week after a big win today in Lincoln
Minnesota 28th and Nebraska 24 the
Gophers have eight wins on the year